January 21, 2017, became a special day for deaf people in Japan.
Jehovah's Witnesses released the Book of Matthew in Japanese Sign Language.
What, though, was behind these smiles?
When I used to read the Japanese Bible, I really didn't understand it.
So I forced myself to read, not much of a joy.
Right, it was hard to understand and explain to people.
The Bible, written in a language we do not know, will not move our heart.
Having no sign language Bible was a huge disadvantage when it came to cultivating a longing for God.
When making shepherding calls, reasoning on a scripture with a deaf person was difficult,
if that scripture wasn't translated into sign language.
There is a Bible in American sign language.
So I was envious and wanted to see the Bible in Japanese Sign Language so much.
At last, approval was given to the Bible translation into Japanese Sign Language.
I noticed that the translation team offered a prayer before they started each day's work.
Also, when faced with difficult translation problems, they relied on Jehovah's Holy Spirit through prayers,
so that they could exercise good judgment. It was impressive.
There are various processes needed for God's Word to jump off the page and reach the heart of deaf people.
They considered carefully how to express scriptures so that deaf people understand.
Let's take an example, the lilies of the field, at Matthew 6, 28.
I wasn't able to understand Matthew 6 until now.
I always thought, birds of heaven and lilies of the field, what do they have to do with seeking first the kingdom?
The translators individually read and research the source text to fully understand what they'll translate.
Then the team meets to discuss the text and explore ideas for translating certain concepts.
After translation is complete, the assigned brother signs the translation to prepare the prompt video.
Then, studio recording takes place, referencing the prompt video.
The recorded movie is carefully edited and delivered to the deaf people.
In this case, the signer pretends to be a flower and weaves his own petals and soars them on his face.
Then he asks, flowers don't do that, do they?
God's Word coming off the pages has reached the heart of deaf people.
I understood for the first time that Jehovah is kindly teaching us.
If you seek the kingdom first, I'll give you everything you need.
Don't worry.
I was watching on the train on my way to work. I thought, wow, this is so good!
I was absorbed in the video and I missed my train station.
So I changed trains, but again, I was watching the video and I missed my station again.
The book of Matthew is that interesting.
Humans have beneficial feelings because we are created in God's image.
But because of Satan's system of things, these feelings are driven away.
However, when you show God's Word to people or read it yourself,
innate beneficial feelings well up in our hearts.
I strongly feel that God's Word has the power to do that.
Just like a child grows up listening to what the Father says,
I can be closer to my Father Jehovah by watching him speak to me in my native tongue, Sign Language.
Comments from Deaf Brothers show that the Sign Language Bible talks to their heart directly.
I imagine that Jehovah loves our brothers and his face is shining,
and the faces of our brothers are also shining.
Now, by means of having God's living Word in the language of their heart,
our Deaf brothers and sisters are seeing Jehovah's Face shining.